doc/nrf/mcuboot_nsib: Add page on main MCUboot's Kconfig (#21785)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/bootloaders_dfu/mcuboot_nsib/bootloader_main_config.rst

.. _ug_bootloader_main_config:

Essential MCUboot configuration items

> #####################################

Reviewer: @nvlsianpu  Or - configuring essential MCUboot options (?)

Author: I'm fine with: `Essential MCUboot configuration items`

The choice of mode determines the specific scheme of the bootloader's operations for the images supported by a given MCUboot instance:

.. list-table:: MCUboot modes
    :header-rows: 1
    :widths: auto

    * - **Mode name**
      - **Description**
      - **MCUboot Kconfig option**
      - **Sysbuild Kconfig option**
      - **Multiple images**
    * - Swap using scratch
      - Implements a dual-bank image swapping algorithm utilizing a scratch area, accommodating memories with varying erase block sizes.
      - ``CONFIG_BOOT_SWAP_USING_OFFSET``
      - :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_MCUBOOT_MODE_SWAP_SCRATCH`
      - Yes
    * - Swap using move
      - Executes a dual-bank image swapping algorithm by moving sectors, offering greater efficiency than scratch-based swaps, suitable only for memories with consistent erase block sizes.
      - ``CONFIG_BOOT_SWAP_USING_MOVE``
      - :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_BOOT_SWAP_USING_MOVE`
      - Yes
    * - Swap using offset
      - Introduces a new dual-bank image swapping algorithm that moves sectors with optimizations for enhanced speed, applicable to memories with uniform erase block sizes.
      - ``CONFIG_BOOT_SWAP_USING_OFFSET``

>       - -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - --
```

    :header-rows: 1
    :widths: auto

  * - **Signature**
    - **Description**
    - **MCUboot Kconfig option**
    - **Sysbuild Kconfig option**
    - **Signed material**
  * - RSA
    - Utilizes RSA for digital signatures, supporting key sizes of 2048 and 3072 bits.
    - ``CONFIG_BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE_RSA``, ``CONFIG_BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE_RSA_LEN``
    - :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE_RSA`
    - Image hash
  * - ECDSA P-256
    - Employs the elliptic curve digital signature algorithm using the P-256 curve for enhanced security.
    - ``CONFIG_BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE_ECDSA_P256``
    - :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE_ECDSA_P256`
    - Image hash
  * - Ed25519
    - Uses the Edwards curve digital signature algorithm with Ed25519.
    - ``CONFIG_BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE_ED25519``
    - :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE_ED25519`
    - Image hash, image itself (pure Ed25519)
  * - None
    - Indicates the absence of a signature; the image is unchecked but its hash is verified for integrity.
    - ``CONFIG_BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE_NONE``
    - :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE_NONE`
    - Not applicable

Public key storage
******************

> MCUboot supports two types of key storage for storing the public key used for image verification:
> 
> * **In the image** - The public key is compiled in the MCUboot instance itself.
>   No special configuration is needed for this option.
> * **In the KMU** - The public key is stored in the Key Management Unit (KMU) of the nRF54L SoC.
>   This option can be enabled using the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_MCUBOOT_SIGNATURE_USING_KMU` sysbuild Kconfig option.
>   This implementation allow up to three keys along with supporting key revocation scheme.
>   These features can be controlled by ``CONFIG_BOOT_SIGNATURE_KMU_SLOTS`` and ``CONFIG_BOOT_SIGNATURE_KMU_SLOTS`` MCUboot Kconfig options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MCUboot supports two methods for storing the public key used for image verification:

* Embedded in the image - The public key is compiled in the MCUboot instance.
  For this method, no additional configuration is required.
* Stored in the KMU - The public key is stored in the Key Management Unit (KMU) of the nRF54L devices.
  You can enable it using the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_MCUBOOT_SIGNATURE_USING_KMU` sysbuild Kconfig option.
  This implementation supports up to three keys and includes a key revocation scheme.
  You can manage these features through the ``CONFIG_BOOT_SIGNATURE_KMU_SLOTS`` and ``CONFIG_BOOT_SIGNATURE_KMU_SLOTS`` MCUboot Kconfig options.
```
